Dimensions 📐 - updated Docs 📑 & new snack examples ✨ (#1601)
facebook/react-native-website: docs/dimensions.md

```SnackPlayer name=Dimensions
import React, { Component } from "react";
import { View, StyleSheet, Text, Dimensions } from "react-native";

const window = Dimensions.get("window");
const screen = Dimensions.get("screen");

export default class App extends Component {
  state = {
    dimensions: {
      window,
      screen
    }
  };

  onChange = ({ window, screen }) => {
    this.setState({ dimensions: { window, screen } });
  };

  componentDidMount() {
    Dimensions.addEventListener("change", this.onChange);
  }

  componentWillUnmount() {
    Dimensions.removeEventListener("change", this.onChange);
  }

  render() {
    const { dimensions } = this.state;

    return (
      <View style={styles.container}>
        <Text>{`Window Dimensions: height - ${dimensions.window.height}, width - ${dimensions.window.width}`}</Text>
        <Text>{`Screen Dimensions: height - ${dimensions.screen.height}, width - ${dimensions.screen.width}`}</Text>
      </View>
    );
  }
}

const styles = StyleSheet.create({
  container: {
    flex: 1,
    justifyContent: "center",
    alignItems: "center"
  }
});
```

<block class="endBlock syntax" />

### React Native Hooks

> You can also try [useDimensions](https://github.com/react-native-community/react-native-hooks#usedimensions) hook from [React native hooks](https://github.com/react-native-community/react-native-hooks) library which makes handling screen/window size changes much simpler.

Reviewer: RN actually ships its own `useWindowDimensions` hook now:
https://github.com/facebook/react-native/blob/8d57691a606ce81e6d861f93ccc11875088f58b6/Libraries/Utilities/useWindowDimensions.js

The docs should probably describe that hook here instead

Author: Thanks, I didn't knew!

**Parameters:**

| Name | Type   | Required | Description                                                                                  |
| ---- | ------ | -------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | dim  | string | Yes      | Name of dimension as defined when calling `set`. @returns {Object?} Value for the dimension. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| dim  | string | Yes      | Name of dimension as defined when calling `set`. |

Returns an object with four number fields: `width`, `height`, `scale`, and `fontScale`.
```

`scale` and `numberScale` should maybe be documented better here, but honestly, I don't really know much about them!

Author: Indeed, these areas could use some more detail. I'll try them out and update the docs
